Sex Education follows Otis Milburn and the
other students at Moordale Secondary School.
Otis has a few hangups when it comes to sex,
due to his single mother Jean being a very open
and free-spirited sex therapist AND having
witnessed his father cheat on his mother
as a young boy. Otis’ best friend is Eric, the
gay son of a religious Ghanian-Nigerian family.
Otis’ crush is Maeve Wiley, an intelligent outcast
whose rough family life leads to self-destructive
tendencies. There’s also Jackson Marchetti, the
headboy at Moordale who struggles to just be a kid
amidst the lofty expectations placed on him by
his parents. Adam Groff is the headmaster’s son
who bullies the other students due to his
own insecurities and the extreme pressures
of his father. Aimee Gibbs is member of the
popular mean girls clique “The Untouchables”,
but secretly she’s best friends with Maeve
and a people pleaser to the point of it being
a detriment to herself. Other members of the
Untouchables include Ruby, Olivia, and Anwar,
the only other openly gay guy at Moordale,
and the crush of Eric. And then there’s Lily,
an eccentric writer of alien erotica who
desperately wants to lose her virginity.
Throughout season 1, Otis develops a crush
on Maeve and the two decide to start a sex
therapy clinic to help the various sex and
relationship problems of the students at
Moordale. Otis is using knowledge he’s picked
up over the years from his sex therapist mother,
while Maeve is running the business side
of things, needing the money to help pay
her rent as her parents and older
brother are absent from her life.
The clinic ends up becoming a huge success,
and Otis helps many students along the way.
He teaches Aimee to be her own person and to
pursue and communicate her own thoughts and
feelings instead of living for others. This
eventually leads to Aimee breaking up with
her Untouchables friend group and publicly
siding with Maeve. She also breaks up with
her bully of a boyfriend Adam and eventually
ends up with nice guy Steve. He also helps
Lily come to terms with both her obsession and
internal anxieties over losing her virginity.
But Otis’ preoccupation with his new side
hustle and his developing feelings for Maeve
create tension in his relationship with
best friend Eric. Throughout the season,
Eric finds confidence and comfort in himself,
reconnecting with his family’s religious beliefs,
realizing the love and support of his father,
confidently displaying his true self to the
school, and even striking up a relationship with
the repressed bully Adam. That relationship is
short-lived, as the perpetual screw-up Adam is
shipped off to military school by his father.
Jackson strikes up a relationship with Maeve,
thanks in large part to some unwitting advice
from Otis, and it’s a huge breakthrough
for Jackson in simply allowing himself to
be a teenager. Instead of living his life
revolved around swim meets and practices,
he can party and experience young
love. Unfortunately, try as she might,
Maeve doesn’t reciprocate those feelings and by
the end of the season her and Jackson break up.
Maeve spent the season trying to better herself
and refocus on her academics. Her writing skills
could earn her university scholarships, and an
essay she wrote for Adam even ends up winning an
award. But those newfound successes could all come
grinding to a halt when her troublemaking brother
returns home. After he’s caught selling drugs
at the school dance, Headmaster Groff believes
that Maeve and Otis’ clinic is actually a
drug ring and moves to have Maeve expelled.
Otis, meanwhile, is finally reckoning
with his relationship with his mother.
After discovering she’s begun work on her
next book, focused on his sexual frustrations,
Otis confronts his mother and the
two seem to genuinely reconcile.
As season one comes to a close, Maeve,
fresh off her break-up with Jackson,
finally realizes her true romantic feelings for
Otis and goes to tell him. Unbeknownst to her,
Otis has finally moved on from Maeve and
started a relationship with new girl Ola.
And unbeknownst to Otis and Ola, their parents,
Jean and Jakob, have started up a relationship of
their own, creating a VERY messy situation.
Annnnnnnd speaking of messy situations,
as season one comes to a close and Otis
experiences his first kiss from Ola,
he’s finally able to get past all of his sexual
hangups and masterbate for the first time.
and that's everything that happened in season 1
of sex education if you need a recap of season 2
you can find a link for that in the description
below let me know some of your favorite moments
in the comments like this video if you found
it helpful subscribe to this channel for more
content like this and that does it for me in
this video but i'll see you in the next one